Alrighty, so let's go ahead
and add an additional feature here to this project.
So I want to add support for Arrays.
So placing the shapes in an Array.
So I'll simply copy this Driver.ts,
and then I'll just paste it and I'll give it a new name.
And the new name that I'll give,
I'll call it ArrayDriver.ts.
Alrighty and so make sure you're in ArrayDriver.ts,
so it's simply a copy of our previous one,
we're just having a separate file
in here for doing the Array work.
All right, so what I'll do here is in this section of code,
I'll actually remove all of the console.log statements.
So I'll remove console.log from my shape,
my circle, and my rectangle.
And so right now we should simply have
the variable declarations for my shape,
my circle, and my rectangle.
And then what I'll do is I'll declare an Array of shapes
that'll be initially empty.
So I set this up by saying,
"Let the shapes,
"colon, shapes square brackets equals square bracket."
So basically it's an empty Array that we're starting with,
and then we'll add some shapes to the Array.
So I'll add my shape,
and then I'll just do a little copy paste here,
and then I'll update it with my circle,
and my rectangle.
And now notice here that this Array can only hold shapes.
So if I try to add a string to this Array,
like push, "Will this work?"
Well then the compile will say,
"Hey, this is not of the right type."
And then if I also try to say,
"All right, well what happens
"if I say the shapes dot push a number."
A similar thing, the compile will say,
"Hey, this type mismatch."
So we need to remove that code
so we can only place shapes in this Array,
which makes sense, right?
So now just set up a fore loop,
and so I'll loop over the shapes,
and I'll do a console.log on tempshape.getinfo.
So I just open up a terminal window,
move into O5-inheritance,
and now I'll run the program.
And so I'll say,
"Node ArrayDriver.js."
And note here, a different program, ArrayDriver.js,
and we'll see our output.
So we're going to get the same output,
but in the background we'll make use of an Array.
So our Array is populated with our three shapes,
my shape, my circle, my rectangle,
and then we simply loop over that Array,
and we call getinfo on each one of those shapes.
So I simply want to show you
another way of using inheritance here,
and how we can actually place items into an Array,
and then loop over and access the elements
in that Array using our inheritance tree.
Alrighty, so good job.